It's not that I want the shares
Your sister insisted on giving them to me
Who told her to be so naive?
She’s just like...
Jian Dao back in the day
No way
Jian Dao was just like you back then
Until she met Zhang Wen Xu
Are you okay?
I told you
Just a flesh wound, nothing serious
Sister Jian Dao, sorry.
I'm sorry
It's okay, Xiao Yuan
I just think...
You remind me so much of my younger self
I don't want a good girl like you
to be dragged down to hell
by Zhang Wen Xu’s sweet words
I’ll confront him
He needs to be taught a lesson
Don't rush, can you help me with one last thing?
What is it?
I’m still missing one last thing
Zhang Wen Xu's asset transfer files